1. Implementation Contributions: A list of the team members that shows each members overall contribution to this release and a list of what features/functions they worked on.

Justin Tran: 40%
Developed the game world and functionality including: PhysicsBodies for the player, enemies, and platforms, health, score system, enemy following, collision detection, limited jumping ability, randomly spawning enemies, and teleportation, and throwable object (double tapping).

Rambo Wu: 30%
Developed and implemented UI for the game including view controllers and UI items. Worked on backend for view controllers and also for the game scene itself. Fixed bugs with game and app. 

Rachelle Rogers: 30%
Developed graphics and UI elements for the game including pixelated enemies, start button, trophy, all labels/text with “It’s Too Late” font. Searched for temporary background and worked on the overall design elements and aspect. 

2. Grading Level: If the team agrees that all members should receive the same grade for this release, then say “Same grade for all members”. If not, identify the grade level for each member - 100% for a full grade, 90%, etc.

Same grade for all members

3. Differences: Explanations of any differences between what is submitted for this release and what the App Idea Paper deﬁned as being included in this release, and why that difference exists. If there are no deviances write None.

None.

4. Special Instructions:
 
Any special instructions needed to make sure your app can be built
and run. For example, if you use CocoaPods - the minimum version to use.

Please run app on actual iPhone. Not all capabilities are adaptable for the game on the simulator.

How to Play:
- Hold touch to left or right of character to move in a partiulcar direction
- Tap screen again while moving to jump (can double jump)
- Double-tap to shoot a projectile. You only have one so you must pick it up to use it again.
- Avoid touching randomly spawning paparazzi
- Falling off the screen will spawn you on the other side
